58059: Update image and review text related to EULA & license (#570)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/tn_initial.rst

   :guilabel:`Password confirmation` fields, and click :guilabel:`OK`
   to save the new password to use on subsequent logins.

On the first login, the End User License Agreement (EULA) found in
:ref:`Appendix A` is displayed, along with a box where the license key

> for the %brand% array can be pasted. Read the EULA, paste in the license

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for the %brand% array is pasted. Read the EULA, paste in the license
```

Reviewer 2: The tense in the suggested version is not quite right, because when the user sees that field, the key is not yet there.  We tell them to paste the key in the next sentence, so how about just:
`` ...along with a box for the license key. Read the EULA, paste in ...``

> key, then click :guilabel:`I agree` to accept the EULA and apply the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
key, then click :guilabel:`I agree`.

Reviewer: Just a suggestion; Feels a bit more concise this way.

Reviewer 2: Agreed.

> license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Alternately, press :guilabel:`Cancel` if the license key is not yet
available or you wish to discuss the EULA with an iXsystems

> representative before agreeing to it. Pressing :guilabel:`Cancel`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
representative before agreeing to it. The |web-ui| is still
```

> still allows access to the administrative GUI but this initial screen

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
available even if the EULA screen is canceled, but it will
```

> continues to display at every login until the EULA is agreed to and the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
appear at every login until the EULA is accepted and the license
```

> license applied.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
key applied.
```

   powers back up.

> After the user has clicked :guilabel:`I agree` or :guilabel:`Cancel`,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After clicking :guilabel:`I agree` or :guilabel:`Cancel`,
```

> the administrative GUI appears, as shown in the example in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
the |web-ui| appears.
```

> :numref:`Figure %s <tn_initial>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
